Ben welcome dear viewers here from my ship 2 yes you know
yes, the "my ship" people actually stands for rest and relaxation
but this time it is at least for tablets and service over and do
down and nowadays boss TV
every spectator we are now here in Kitz Klopp in Wil the Pirate at the
Three- to six-year-olds are also called the scores and because he is six
millirem
while that helped »program of workers suffered an injured
that's why the kids are allowed to think with something
what talents are likely to have it is in a study order for years it will
then dangerous too
APA meanwhile we have reached the age of seven to twelve
the 7 Devils and Piranhas and this pandemic are really tough at researching
yes and what that has a lot to do with this time look at us now
dpa
was clearer is the stronger is carer of Kate 's dress in the sense of
Animals was
he did so cosmos-publishing action what exactly is that
So who are the kids with the possibilities of having their own team
to dig out
have their very own experiment box of cosmos yes and
then to London from October again found each other and then
and suddenly your own fear is the Ursaurians 5 you
familiarize
the exhausting yes Palau Michael Feldmann bit
That's why spending on Kristian Folta is almost as nice as being part of it
her from this point of the protest it was now together for the first time yes
I think they are the same so you could rammed your neck expedition the only way
successfully solved what does that do with the
Helpers caused a disadvantage
we are not here in the team meeting Spain 13 to 17 o'clock under Brandt not
only the hot wire but also
dot
written
Kobayashi is the eleventh, however, caught teams fold caregiver
the presence on the in AKK but asked otherwise so
otherwise not for the teams again from the years of the villages
and how do the crooks provide people in the city but were many
different games how strong the services of two Mister x Chevrolets so
what the handlebar of the wheels holds the latter
for some, this is where you have met many new friends
Year a t-shirt nose
President even a little later also incensed openly and cordially
with personal all-day special teams there to look for
So I'm a lot by the pool meeting friends with those teams thanks to me games
out of eleven games
I like that
Both his textiles, he should then on the "My ship 2" the right thing
I saw the Hama but not on my ship 2 but also on the
"My ship 1" so the TUI Cruises words
yes, who wants to know what's going on there is just when the journey begins
Daily program or informs yourself in advance on the internet we say
Bye a steeper makes it good I look forward to seeing you under next episode
from my ship said Rau